apps/docs/roadmap.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Roadmap'
sidebarTitle: 'Roadmap'
description: 'Understand what is currently being prioritized and what we are planning to build in the near future.'
'og:image': 'https://react.email/docs/images/react-email.png'
---

If any of these are important to you please let us know. We use community feedback to plan our roadmap, and we also encourage contributors to submit their ideas on [Discord](https://react.email/discord) so that we can discuss them with the community.

Feel free to contribute to any of them as well.

## Currently In Development

These are the features that are actively being developed right now.

### Local development

Enable users to download a CLI and run a command in their terminal to spin up a local server and preview emails in the browser.

- [GitHub Issue #158](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/158)

## Planned Features

These are the features that we've planned to work on in the near future.

### Support for web fonts

Allow users to import hosted web fonts or CSS files that contains `@font-face`.

- [GitHub Issue #54](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/54)

### MDX components

Enable users to create entire emails using MDX only.

- [GitHub Issue #27](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/27)

### VS Code extension

Build a VS Code extension where developers can build the email using React on one side and see a live preview right next to it.

- [GitHub Issue #15](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/15)

Commit message:

feat(docs): Expand roadmap with a few known items

apps/docs/roadmap.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Roadmap'
sidebarTitle: 'Roadmap'
description: 'Understand what is currently being prioritized and what we are planning to build in the near future.'
'og:image': 'https://react.email/docs/images/react-email.png'
---

If any of these are important to you please let us know. We use community feedback to plan our roadmap, and we also encourage contributors to submit their ideas on [Discord](https://react.email/discord) so that we can discuss them with the community.

Feel free to contribute to any of them as well.

## Currently In Development

These are the features that are actively being developed right now.

### Local development

Enable users to download a CLI and run a command in their terminal to spin up a local server and preview emails in the browser.

- [GitHub Issue #158](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/158)

## Planned Features

These are the features that we've planned to work on in the near future.

### Row & column components

To facilitate the creation of responsive emails, we need to create a column component.

- [GitHub Issue #160](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/160)

### Rounded corners in Outlook

Outlook is known for not being able to render rounded corners as well. We should use VML to make it work across different components.

- [GitHub Issue #159](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/159)

### Support for web fonts

Allow users to import hosted web fonts or CSS files that contains `@font-face`.

- [GitHub Issue #54](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/54)

### MDX components

Enable users to create entire emails using MDX only.

- [GitHub Issue #27](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/27)

### VS Code extension

Build a VS Code extension where developers can build the email using React on one side and see a live preview right next to it.

- [GitHub Issue #15](https://github.com/zenorocha/react-email/issues/15)
